Use Apollo error classes to handle errors.
So every where where we're throwing
errors, like this authentication helpers
and authorization helpers
you created earlier on.
Or anywhere else you're throwing errors,
use the built in Apollo
error classes instead.
So slap those out, and then I need you
to create some integration tests for
your queries and mutations.
Just try to create one for a query.
Try to create one more for
mutation and that should be fine.
Don't have to worry about all of them.
I mean, you fill in like you
really want to write some tests.
Go ahead and test them all out.
But one for query and
one for mutation just so
you can get a feel of it should be good.
And then I would say also just,
I know resolvers seem pretty trivial,
but also create a test for your resolver.
So I don't have an example of that because
it's pretty much the exact same thing
as this.
You will just need a test block or test
just doesn't matter which one you use, and
then you might do something
like instead of snapshotting.
You might do something results from
a resolver to equal something else and
that's kinda how Matchers work in this,
just so pretty simple.
You just you don't need snapshots for
that.
So just just pick a resolver that
you want maybe two or three,
they should be pretty
simple to get those going.